README.md, before:

Project Title
Memory Game

Description
It is a card game. We start with all of the cards face down and there will be two cards flipped face up over each turn. The goal of this game is to turn over pairs of matching cards.

How to play (Udacity Nanodegree, 2018)
1. The game board consists of sixteen "cards" arranged in a grid.
2. The player flips one card over to reveal its underlying symbol.
3. The player then turns over a second card, trying to find the corresponding card with the same symbol.
4. If the cards match, both cards stay flipped over.
5. If the cards do not match, both cards are flipped face down.
6. The game ends once all cards have been correctly matched.

Programming Description
The game is written in JavaScript. I used starter code provided by Udacity. Then, I used DOM manipulation, styled with CSS and added elements to HTML, to create the interactive game
1. I created a deck of cards to start the game.
2. I wrote instructions: if the cards match, they keep open; and they don't match, both cards flip back over.
3. I added moves counter, timer, and star ranking functionality
4. I added a pop-up box to congratulate the player

Contributing
This repository is the starter code for _all_ Udacity students. Therefore, we most likely will not accept pull requests.

Commit message:

Add reset openCardList to newBoard fc Remove star = 0 Add README Dependencies

README.md, after:

Project Title
Memory Game

Table of Contents
1. Game description
2. How to play
3. Programming description
4. Dependencies

Game description
It is a card game. We start with all of the cards face down and there will be two cards flipped face up over each turn. The goal of this game is to turn over pairs of matching cards.

How to play (Udacity Nanodegree, 2018)
1. The game board consists of sixteen "cards" arranged in a grid.
2. The player flips one card over to reveal its underlying symbol.
3. The player then turns over a second card, trying to find the corresponding card with the same symbol.
4. If the cards match, both cards stay flipped over.
5. If the cards do not match, both cards are flipped face down.
6. The game ends once all cards have been correctly matched.

Programming Description
The game is written in JavaScript. I used starter code provided by Udacity. Then, I used DOM manipulation, styled with CSS and added elements to HTML, to create the interactive game
1. I created a deck of cards to start the game.
2. I wrote instructions: if the cards match, they keep open; and they don't match, both cards flip back over.
3. I added moves counter, timer, and star ranking functionality
4. I added a pop-up box to congratulate the player

Dependencies
1. Icons in this game is from:
https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/font-awesome/4.6.1/css/font-awesome.min.css

2.Google Fonts:
https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Coda

3. Modal box pop-up:
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_modals.asp
